Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
Turn off your truck and step out.
Why?
National Security.
Shame on you bastard.
You are helping the infidels.
Could you kindly turn off the truck
and step out?
Make me if you can.
The truck is empty.
Peace be upon you. how are you?
What's going on?
U.S. Military brother.
I can see that. What do you want?
They are looking for Taliban firearms.
I have nothing to do with those murderers.
I believe you.
But they need to believe you.
They're going to make their way in.
But they will be as quick as it takes
to confirm your innocence.
And your house will be left prettier.
Than the alternative.
Who are you?
What do you want?
You know who we are.
This can go one of two ways. money or...
You traitor.
You have turned your back
on your own people.
I know who you are.
You're Ali's brother.
I will personally kill your entire family.
Your wife will see your death.
Just before I set the dogs on her.
I will tell you nothing.
That suit is for a hot little island
in the Caribbean.
The other is to buy yourself
something pretty.
What do they want to know?
Where is the Taliban's main location
for making bombs?
It's not just one location.
And you know why?
But I've seen some places where they
make explosives and stock them.
You'll get more
if the information is good.
If you cut the Taliban's head off here
it will grow back someplace else.
Get on with it.
Just in these past two days new explosives
have been sent across the country.
I was also supposed to be there and help.
Put it down. put it down.
Are you okay?
Yes. yes I'm good.
Sit. sit.
You must rest.
Do you want me to get you something?
I could eat some more.
Leave it to me.
Did you hear about Hadyah's son?
What happened to him?
He's joined the Taliban.
And he won't talk to her anymore.
When I saw her she was crying.
Poor woman. first she loses her husband.
now this.
I'm worried about him. Ahmed.
What about our Special Immigration Visas?
It takes time. Don't worry.
I'm on it.
Why do the Talib always seem
to have their arms cache
a hundred clicks from our base?
Jizzy's hemorrhoids
won't be able to take it.
This is our fourth tour here...
And what have we achieved apart
from losing Jack Jack?
Even if we do find shit that goes bang...
You think it's gonna make a difference
or bring him back?
What's that got to do
with Jizzy's hemorrhoids?
Why are you always talking about ass
Tom Cat?
Where do you think
he got the name Tom Cat?
We're here.
Peace be upon you.
Peace be upon you. How are you?
Good thank you.
As you can see I'm with the U.S. Army.
we're here to conduct a search.
Are you the land owner?
Yes. the land is mine.
What are you looking for here?
We're looking for explosives.
Explosives?
This is a closed mine. There has not
been any explosives here for years.
This shouldn't take long. Thank you.
Are you looking for the Taliban?
Yes. we're looking for Taliban.
I knew this would happen.
But you guys have come to the wrong place.
Down there is another plantation.
The Americans are here at the mine.
The Americans have found the mine.
Send the men there.
More soldiers are coming.
That's where you'll find the people
you are looking for.
Thank you.
We will check there next.
Welcome.
We've found their car. they're on foot.
I will send everyone.
go after them and kill them.
I want them alive.
Get them alive.
Spread out. find them.
Listen my brothers.
You will find them.
God is with you. not the infidels.
They are the enemy of our prophet.
They are a long way from their base.
They will never get home.
It is your duty to bring them to justice.
I want them brought to me alive.
Stop him.
He must die.
I must kill him.
Calm down brother.
He must die.
We need him alive.
Calm down.
Calm?
We've broken down. we need a ride.
Okay. I will take you anywhere you want.
Drive a few kilometers up this road.
Okay. I will take you.
What are you doing out here brother?
Looking for two men. an American
and the other. a Muslim traitor.
Have you seen anyone suspicious?
I have seen no one. these roads are quiet.
I am surprised to see even you.
We will find them. this is our territory.
What's in the back?
I'm a rug seller.
Are you interested?
Just drive.
Stop the truck.
Thank you.
Peace be upon you.
Hello brother. how are you?
Good thank you.
I apologize for disturbing your meal.
Sit.
Thank you.
Did you hunt those?
You shall feast tonight.
Brother. I have a friend in the truck.
he's hurt.
How can I help?
We need some food and some pain relief.
And if you give me your wooden kart...
I will give you my truck.
May I see your friend?
Of course.
So you're the two they are looking for.
I don't like Taliban.
I will help you.
He needs opium.
It will ease his pain.
Thank you.
There's a heavy price on your heads.
They have hundreds of Taliban
looking for you.
They have been village to village.
setting fire to those
that give no information.
They will not stop hunting you.
You are a long way from his base.
Do not use the roads.
patrols are everywhere.
You must use the mountain passes.
Peace be upon you.
Would you like something?
Give me the water.
Thank you.
Peace be upon you.
Hello brother.
Give me water.
Hey. catch.
Taliban are here.
Where?
They are a few doors down.
Get out of there.
Basira.
I will have to move you again.
Leave now.
Yes. I know. I know.
Basira the bag. the bag.
Let's go.
They've executed Abdi.
Your house is next.
Let's go. let's go.
Taliban heading towards you.
Wait. wait.
Where. where?
He's approaching the back entrance.
Wait.
He's twenty feet from the door.
Twelve feet.
Three Taliban heading
towards your front door.
The back door is clear.
They're in your house.
Out the back. turn right.
I see you.
Get down. more Taliban are here.
Move. now.
Ali. are you accepting customers?
Goodbye.
Show us the papers.
Make it quick.
Hello brothers.
Turn off the engine.
-Step out.
-What's the problem?
-I said step out.
-I paid for this.
Step out.
But. I paid for this.
What's in your truck?
I paid for this.
I said what's in your truck?
Corn boxes. I have brought them
for your brothers.
-Delivering. where to?
-Jalalabad.
So show us.
Open this too.
-You see.
-Be quiet son of a dog.
There is nothing.
Be quiet son of a dog.
Take this money.
I do not care about your money.
Who are you to pay me?
On your knees.
Do you hear me Commander Satar?
Fakhrudin?
We have trouble.
Two men have killed our soldiers
at the checkpoint.
Find out who they are.
I'll follow them.
Keep in contact.
What is it?
I found them.
The American and Ahmed.
Are you sure it's them?
I'm positive.
He's found John Kinley and Ahmed.
Get men out there now.
Follow them right now
and get their picture.
It is John Kinley and Ahmed.
Basira. this is John.
Ahmed. what's going on?
John has got us visas.
We are going to America.
Where are they?
I have someone watching them.
I'll take you there.
Let's go.
They are in the truck
heading towards the dam.
They are heading towards the dam.
Fakhrudin. listen to me very carefully.
Do not let them get away.
I want their heads
or else I'll take yours.